Notes for solid Principles:

S - Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)
Each class should have one responsibility
Why:
 → Improves readability, makes unit testing easier.
 → If you change component only one component is affected since responsibility isn't shared.
 → Reduces side effect in large system.
Example: Animal handles behaviour, AnimalPrinter handles printing

O - Open / Closed Principle (OCP)
Classes should be open for extension but closed for modification.
Why:
 → It enables plug-in play architecture (A device/module that configures itself to work in harmony with other parts of existing system)
 → Helps to build extensible system without hiccups
 → Prevents breakage of existing functionality
Example: Add Dog or Cat without changing Mammal

L - Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP)
Subclasses must be usable wherever the parent class is used without breaking functionality.
Why:
 → To allow the replacement of concrete classes without breaking functionality since they both are made from the interface referencing them.
Example: Animal animal = new Cat();

I - Interface Segregation Principle (ISP)
Clients should not be forced to implement methods they don't use.
Why:
 → Some classes shouldn't depend on features that dont apply to them.
 → So we segregate the interfaces methods to allow classes to inherit interfaces they will use and can apply to themselves.
 → Encourages smaller more succinct interfaces
 → It is used for spring dependency injection?
Example: RunnableAnimal, FlyableAnimal interfaces dont enforce

D - Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP)
Depend on abstractions, not concrete classes.
Why:
 → Classes depend on interfaces, not implementations, so implementation can change as long as it adheres to interface, loose coupling.
Example: Zoo depends on Animal, not Cat

Current classes setups are :
Animal.java           → An Interface
Mammal.java           → An Abstract class
Cat.java              → A Concrete class
Dog.java              → A Concrete class
AnimalPrinter.java    → We enforce Single Responsibility principle with Animal Printer
Zoo.java              → Here we do Dependency Inversion principle
Main.java             → Public static void main to instantiate and run examples

